HSEARCH-3863 Specify a replacement for missing values in distance sorts (#2477)
hibernate/hibernate-search: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/reference/search-dsl-sort.asciidoc

// Search 5 anchors backward compatibility
[[_handling_missing_values]]

> In case of <<search-dsl-sort-field, sort by field values>>, the documents that do not have any value for a sort field
> will appear in the last position by default.
> In case of <<search-dsl-sort-distance, sort by distance to a point>>, the documents that do not have any value for a sort field
> will be treated as they were at plus infinite distance from the given point.

Reviewer: Distances are always positive. Also, I'd clarify these are the defaults.

```suggestion
By default:

* For <<search-dsl-sort-field,sorts by field values>>, the documents that do not have any value for a sort field
  will appear in the last position.
* For <<search-dsl-sort-distance,sorts by distance to a point>>, the documents that do not have any value for a sort field
  will be treated as they were at plus infinite distance from the given point.
```

The behavior for missing values can be controlled explicitly through the `.missing()` option:

* `.missing().first()` puts documents with no value in first position (regardless of the sort order).
* `.missing().last()` puts documents with no value in last position (regardless of the sort order).
* `.missing().use(...)` uses the given value as a default for documents with no value.

[NOTE]
====
All these options are supported in case of sort by field values or in case of sort by distance to a point
using the Lucene backend.

> In case of sort by distance to a point using the Elasticsearch backend, due to the current Elasticsearch APIs,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of sort by distance to a point using the Elasticsearch backend, due to limitations of the Elasticsearch APIs,
```
